README.md, before:

# Make VS Code on Windows feel more like Vim

Extensions and settings that make using VS Code faster and feel more like Vim, along with some visual changes.

The CSS (`custom.css`) should work with any color theme, but can be easily modified to better suit your needs by adjusting the root variables at the top of the file.

## Features

-  Edit files, switch tabs and groups, toggle integrated terminal, navigate, create, rename, and delete files, etc. with keyboard shortcuts.
-  Maximize screen space by hiding many of the non-essential UI elements.
-  Cool (😎) background blur on different widgets.
-  And more QoL improvements.

## Installation

1. Install the extensions listed below (also the font if you want to use the same one, but it can be easily changed).
2. Copy the contents of `settings.json` to your VS Code `settings.json`.
3. Copy the contents of `keybindings.json` to your VS Code `keybindings.json`.
4. Add the path to the `custom.css` file into your `settings.json`.
5. If you want fast virtual desktop switching on Windows, install AutoHotkey and the script from the link below, then replace the `user_config.ahk` with the one in the repo.

## Dependencies

### These settings rely on the following:

-  [Vim for VS Code](aka.ms/vscodevim) for Vim keybindings.
-  [Toggle Boolean](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=silesky.toggle-boolean) for easy boolean toggling.
-  [Apc Customize UI++](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=drcika.apc-extension) for customizing the UI.
-  [JetBrains Mono Nerd Font](https://www.nerdfonts.com/font-downloads) for the font.

To get my exact setup also use:

-  [Vesper](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=raunofreiberg.vesper) for the color theme.
-  [Symbols](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=miguelsolorio.symbols) for file icons.
-  [Fluent Icons](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=miguelsolorio.fluent-icons) for product icons.
-  [File Path Bar](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=wraith13.file-path-bar) to show current file path in the status bar.

### Some good extensions to have:

-  [Error Lens](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=usernamehw.errorlens) for nicer errors.
-  [Auto Close Tag](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=formulahendry.auto-close-tag) for auto closing tags.
-  [Auto Rename Tag](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=formulahendry.auto-rename-tag) for renaming tags.
-  [Better Comments](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=aaron-bond.better-comments) for colorful comments.
-  [Path Intellisense](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=christian-kohler.path-intellisense) for autocompleting paths.
-  [Activitus Bar](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=Gruntfuggly.activitusbar) to move the activity bar to the status bar (I have it hidden, but it's still nice to have).
-  [Lorem ipsum](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=Tyriar.lorem-ipsum) for generating placeholder text.
-  [Google Fonts](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=lior-chamla.google-fonts) to easily import Google Fonts.
-  [Insert Unicode](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=brunnerh.insert-unicode) for searching and inserting Unicode characters.

### Switch between virtual desktops with keyboard shortcuts:

-  [AutoHotkey v1.1](https://autohotkey.com/download/1.1/AutoHotkey_1.1.37.02_setup.exe) for running the script.
-  [windows-desktop-switcher](https://github.com/pmb6tz/windows-desktop-switcher) for switching between virtual desktops.

### Terminal prompt:

-  [Oh My Posh](https://ohmyposh.dev/) for the prompt.
-  [huvix theme](https://github.com/JanDeDobbeleer/oh-my-posh/blob/main/themes/huvix.omp.json) as the prompt theme.
-  [Vesper](/wt_settings.json) for the color scheme (created from the VS Code color theme).

## Preview

![vesper-1](/preview/vesper-1.png)
![vesper-2](/preview/vesper-2.png)
![vesper-3](/preview/vesper-3.png)

Commit message:

Replaced zip theme with link

README.md, after:

# Make VS Code on Windows feel more like Vim

Extensions and settings that make using VS Code faster and feel more like Vim, along with some visual changes.

The CSS (`custom.css`) should work with any color theme, but can be easily modified to better suit your needs by adjusting the root variables at the top of the file.

## Features

-  Edit files, switch tabs and groups, toggle integrated terminal, navigate, create, rename, and delete files, etc. with keyboard shortcuts.
-  Maximize screen space by hiding many of the non-essential UI elements.
-  Cool (😎) background blur on different widgets.
-  And more QoL improvements.

## Installation

1. Install the extensions listed below (also the font if you want to use the same one, but it can be easily changed).
2. Copy the contents of `settings.json` to your VS Code `settings.json`.
3. Copy the contents of `keybindings.json` to your VS Code `keybindings.json`.
4. Add the path to the `custom.css` file into your `settings.json`.
5. If you want fast virtual desktop switching on Windows, install AutoHotkey and the script from the link below, then replace the `user_config.ahk` with the one in the repo.

## Dependencies

### These settings rely on the following:

-  [Vim for VS Code](aka.ms/vscodevim) for Vim keybindings.
-  [Toggle Boolean](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=silesky.toggle-boolean) for easy boolean toggling.
-  [Apc Customize UI++](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=drcika.apc-extension) for customizing the UI.
-  [JetBrains Mono Nerd Font](https://www.nerdfonts.com/font-downloads) for the font.

To get my exact setup also use:

-  [Vesper](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=raunofreiberg.vesper) for the color theme.
-  [Symbols](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=miguelsolorio.symbols) for file icons.
-  [Fluent Icons](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=miguelsolorio.fluent-icons) for product icons.
-  [File Path Bar](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=wraith13.file-path-bar) to show current file path in the status bar.

### Some good extensions to have:

-  [Error Lens](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=usernamehw.errorlens) for nicer errors.
-  [Auto Close Tag](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=formulahendry.auto-close-tag) for auto closing tags.
-  [Auto Rename Tag](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=formulahendry.auto-rename-tag) for renaming tags.
-  [Better Comments](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=aaron-bond.better-comments) for colorful comments.
-  [Path Intellisense](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=christian-kohler.path-intellisense) for autocompleting paths.
-  [Activitus Bar](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=Gruntfuggly.activitusbar) to move the activity bar to the status bar (I have it hidden, but it's still nice to have).
-  [Lorem ipsum](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=Tyriar.lorem-ipsum) for generating placeholder text.
-  [Google Fonts](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=lior-chamla.google-fonts) to easily import Google Fonts.
-  [Insert Unicode](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=brunnerh.insert-unicode) for searching and inserting Unicode characters.

### Switch between virtual desktops with keyboard shortcuts:

-  [AutoHotkey v1.1](https://autohotkey.com/download/1.1/AutoHotkey_1.1.37.02_setup.exe) for running the script.
-  [windows-desktop-switcher](https://github.com/pmb6tz/windows-desktop-switcher) for switching between virtual desktops.

### Terminal prompt:

-  [Oh My Posh](https://ohmyposh.dev/) for the prompt.
-  [huvix theme](https://github.com/JanDeDobbeleer/oh-my-posh/blob/main/themes/huvix.omp.json) as the prompt theme.
-  [Vesper](/wt_settings.json) for the color scheme (created from the VS Code color theme).

### Firefox theme:

-  [Firefox Color](https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/firefox-color/) for using the theme.
-  [Vesper](https://color.firefox.com/?theme=XQAAAALmAQAAAAAAAABBKYhm849SCicxcT_m3XcGHf3p79EhVPVdQf7xcfZ9PTtZXOCodCzcptf_KvQq1gcisAhFTtwwGpk7crCHzaRi488HBNPECKBR3kPb4au57-jeu9vPdwejBXG2hEDjN8UABbeXSG_FEMHHazWYoMk3IA_fc30xS_Zk7h69vjxLCxEZNLQ--0r50FX9QZslmjDFn_mr8kgUxWlGnlcRWMottumYZCMZKsLnKyovRFLWAuctzV2CGMFLbL9_GTaXs_qeAaVJJanOFIVw-5wQTBYv_SUFBUR2OdyKrl3S8YeQrW3trkTHuUg9G7jI_4WoyXQ) for the theme (not actually Vesper, just made it similar).

## Preview

![vesper-1](/preview/vesper-1.png)
![vesper-2](/preview/vesper-2.png)
![vesper-3](/preview/vesper-3.png)
